document how to pull GitHub docker images and move docker-compose folder (#110)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/languages/docker/access-to-pull-docker-images-from-github.md

# How to get access to pull docker images from GitHub

> 1. Goto [https://github.com/settings/tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and get your created access token to pull docker images or create a new one.
> 1. Name it like you want, set the expiration date like you want.
> 1. check `read:packages`
> 1. Press `Generate Token`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to <https://github.com/settings/tokens> and get an existing access token (PAT). Alternatively, you can create a new one, but do not forget to include the `read:packages` permission.
```

1. Copy the token

> 1. Run `docker login ghcr.io -u GITHUB_USERNAME -p "COPIED_TOKEN"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `docker login ghcr.io -u $GITHUB_USERNAME -p "$COPIED_TOKEN"`
```
